strategy update 15. Jan 2021 (#1593)
w3f/polkadot-wiki: docs/build-parachains-rococo.md

2. Maintain at least one parachain collator
3. Sign-up through the [Rococo V1 Parachain Registration](https://forms.gle/Eacp7RaRm3VNion16) form

*Update: 15. Jan. 2021*

> - If you are considered to be included, the Rococo team will get in touch with you through the Element handle provided in the sign-up form, a rough estimate of going forward will be (in no certain order within the batch and please be assure of 5., 6., 7.):

Reviewer: "be assure of" sounds wrong, and also the items below are not numbered, maybe number them to match this?

>   - first batch: Kilt, Interlay (next week)

Reviewer: Let's put specific dates instead of "next week", for posterity

  - second batch: Darwinia, Phala, Crust, HydraDX
  - third batch: Bifrost, Starks Network, Clover, Zenlink
  - fourth batch: ChainX, Robonomics, Patract Hub, MathWallet
  - fith batch: we will communicate timely

> - You will have 2 days to get everything up and running after the Rococo team let's you know

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You will have 2 days to get everything up and running after the Rococo team lets you know
```

> - Make sure you build, run and test a local setup based on the `rococo-v1` branch for a while (a proof will be asked for at time)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Make sure you build, run, and test a local setup based on the `rococo-v1` branch for a while (you will be asked for proof)
```

> - Together with the Rococo team this thing will get deployed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The Rococo team will help you get your chain deployed
```

> - Don't worry, if you registered your slot is secured

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Don't worry, if you registered, your slot is secured
```
